listen here if you don't vote you don't
matter and then you'll get the ignorant
and then when the city say you are one
day still have a last nickel out your
pocket saying thank you please Jack
Souza's fellow teens Jesus Christ come
down off the cross it's up to you to
nail up any bastard that's between you
and the roads and the bridges and the
schools and the food you need you give
me too
okay what I see I'll see you man and the
guts to [ __ ] the powers to be a
seemingly star then there's come a great
state ladies are some powerful people
that you're talking about taking money
from faint the power powers and hands
the powers nose hands handed it to meet
certain features of you're a good
service come to my attention somebody
dug something up in the dirt Jack what
are you doing for that man that man
whatever it is don't I need judge Irwin
with no man has ever been able to
intimidate me there's a line between
what is acceptable and what is not now
the governor has stepped over that line
using means that are in appleton what
was it price to pay let me do this
[Music]
I don't know why I work for you but aim
for love or money boy he looks at me cuz
I'm the way I am in you the way you are
that's just an arrangement founded in
the natural order of things
[Music]
your will is my strength
your need is my justice
I didn't wanna ruin me cuz that won't
ruin you
you
[Applause]